have a story very good story
you want to hear it there he is dumb kid
wandering what the future hell you want
to be rider but the words just wouldn't
come maybe now there should be a hoppy
just until you get your feet on the
ground dad it doesn't work like that
you're gonna pay my dues no I gotta pay
your dues you got to start taking
responsibility for your life what the
sudden there she was for the first time
he saw a world that was bigger than the
one he'd been born into okay I got a
baby son fine we are missing out first
that was his moment no tell me the truth
what really happened nature of the
publishing business right now I don't
know how to publish a book like this
what once was his whole world suddenly
seemed small
we don't have any money I'm not who I
thought I was and I'm terrified that I
never will be
he knew the life he wanted
he knew what he had to do to get
it's so different from anything you've
ever done before I have to tell you
something wait not over yet this is
where it really gets interesting
I'll let you show me
you have to choose between life and
fiction to very close but they never
actually touch
the universe steel man's life expect
there be no price to pay